kdelirc
-------

KDELIRC is a KDE frontend for the Linux Infrared Remote Control system. It has
two aims:

1. Provide a control center module for configuration of:
	a) Application bindings to remote control buttons.
	b) Actual remote controls installed (i.e. lirc configuration).

2. Provide a system-tray applet to act as a proxy between the LIRC system and
	KDE (applications), in order to launch DCOP requests (and potentially
	other IPC signals) to applications (and potentially collect/display
	results).

INSTALLATION

Nothing but the normal ./configure && make && su -c "make install".

SETUP

For the KDELirc system to work properly, you *must* have lircd configured and
running. If you have already had a Lirc program running, then you most likely
have Lirc set up properly. If not, be sure that you have a correct kernel module
loaded for your IR receiver (1) and that the lircd program is running (2).

You must also have some remote controls configured in "/etc/lircd.conf". Go to
the lircd website (www.lirc.org) for more information on this.

(1) /sbin/lsmod | grep lirc
If you see some output, you have a lirc kernel module loaded (that's not to say
it's the right module for your hardware).

(2) ps aux | grep -v grep | grep lircd
If you see some output, you have the lircd program running. This is good.

DESIGN

The design of the system is really quite simple---a control center module
modifies a centralised configuration file to determine what action(s) should
be taken on a remote control's button press.

The same(?) module also provides a front-end for the input of /etc/lircd.conf,
necessary to specify remote controls to the LIRC system. An extra (standard
format XML-based) may be provided with the remote control description to give
less sucky (lower case, no spaces/symbols) names.

The /etc/lircd.conf frontend has not yet been implemented, though all other
features are.

The system tray applet interfaces with LIRC in order to catch key presses on
remote controls. It is then able to communicate with and potentially start
applications through DCOP.

Gav Wood, 2003 (gav at kde dot org).
